>> Steve Kinney: So, on Jetsetter there
is a branch called redux testing.
And I'll show you a little
bit about what it is.
It's that we know and love,
from the very beginning, but
we have this test directory.
And in the test directory
we have Two files of tests.
Now, in a perfect world,
you would probably break this
out into multiple files, right?
For every actions file that you would
have, you'd probably have a test file for
that, for every reducer that you had,
you'd probably have a file for
that, right?
But nobody wants to watch me switch
between multiple files and keep track so
I put them in one file on purpose.
Right, you would probably break it out but
for our own sanity.
So actions.test, I'm going to import my
action creators from the three different
files as well as the constants which
are those strings with the action type is.
And again, this you would probably not
import all of this in one test file,
if you're doing it but I did it just
to keep everything in one file so
we didn't we have to like to worry
about junking around too much.
And then to test this, and
you can see this test is already passing.
Which is when we use the add
new item as the item type,
we're gonna get back action where
the type is the add new item, right.
So we're gonna pass in.
We're gonna call add new
item with an item name or
hoping to get back in action
with the add new item type.
And that's how it's passing.
So well, you got the value,
you get action.item.value.
>> Steve Kinney: A few
of them are passing.
A lot of them are skipped because
they're not implemented yet, right?
Your job is going to be to implement
these actions that are going to,
again, take either nothing.
Right?
If it is simply like,
think about the reset button on
the counter or the pizza calculator.
That didn't take any arguments.
It was just a function that produced
an object with a reset type.
So it can take some options, it takes
some arguments and produces an object.
And these tests are making sure that
the object that we created is correct.
So if we call the toggleItem
action creator,
we're hoping we get an action
with the type TOGGLE_ITEM.
If we provide it with an id, we're
expecting that the action.id is that id.
Right?
So we're going through and
we're just basically, and
these are enough tests for our actions,
they are very simple functions.
Let's look at the reducer test.
So I'm testing the Combined Reducer,
which is all of them put together.
Again, you might break it out.
So we can say, hey, if the reducer takes
the initialState and receives just this
empty action that doesn't do anything,
we should probably get the initial state
back out, right, you wanna make
sure you return state at the end.
If on the other hand we parse it a item,
right, so
we use the action creator here, we parse
it A action that has the addNewItem type,
and has all the information
about the item.
Well, we expect that the state.items
includes that new item, right?
If we add a new item,
we want it to be in the state.
So these are kind of very simple tests,
but this is effectively what Redux
testing is, there's not some next
level Thing for basic redox.
It's pass the objects to functions or
the values to functions.
Did you get the thing out again?
Right, and that's one of
the things I really like about.
I think there's a lot of beauty and
simplicity of redox in this case.
So we can just really
quickly look inside actions.
And you can see that I implemented
the ADD_NEW_ITEM action Your job for
the next 30 minutes is to get as many
of these tests passing as you can.
Do I expect you to get all of
them passing in 30 minutes?
That would be super cool.
I would say try some of the action ones,
try some of the reducer ones,
and then we'll come back and
kind of look at the finished result.
But get your hands dirty with each of
them, just get some muscle memory,
don't stress out about like
banging through all of them, but
see how many you can get done,
again objects and
values go into functions coming out and
seeing how many tests you can get passing.